Oh grandpa
Su Wanqiu said he wanted to try
Late Autumn
Do you want to talk about this Sun Group?
No no grandpa I didn't say
He said it.
You just said it clearly
And you've just been promoted to head of design
Of course, I'll give you a chance to perform.
I'm just the head of design.
You are the head of operations
You don't go
Why should I go?
Just the clothes you have designed over the years
Old-fashioned and ugly
Our company's performance has been poor
It's not good to give you a chance to make up for it
You are talking nonsense
Obviously you eat the kickback
Deliberately change the fabric to a slightly different one.
Stop arguing, grandpa
I didn't want to argue with him
But Su Wan only has this person
Why is there no gratitude at all?
You said if it weren't for our Su family
He would have been reduced to a beggar
He doesn't want to do so much now
Shima is right
Suma has long been stopped by us
If we hadn't given him a bowl of rice to eat
Starving to death
We have lived in our Su family for so many years
It's time to get out-of-point
You teach, you know what everyone says, right?
Although you helped the group win Wanli last time
Eligibility for occupancy in the city
But the group is more grateful to you.
So be it.
This negotiation with Sun's Group is up to you
It's also your first test after joining the job
Okay, so be it.
Grandpa
Grandpa can leave this to you
Is trust in you
Don't let down grandpa's painstaking efforts for you
Of course, if there is no negotiation
You can only get out
Grandpa grandpa